https://codepen.io/MrR3set/pen/dyPjNdR

-----------------------------------------

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Its what gives meaning to the markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Give structure to a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Inside the tag or in a separete .css file.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Its usually used for titles, the biggest Titiles among all the H tags. We should use it as many as we need/want.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Our title, our style or link depending if we are using internal or external css. and 
    7. What is an id? 
        Its an attribute that we use to refer to a tag.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        To my understanding all elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only onece per page.
    10. What is a class? 
        Its another atribute that specifies a name for an HTML that we can later refer on our CSS file to apply styling.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any HTML element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        We use the "target" attribute inside the "a" element. We have to apply the "_blank" value to out "target" atribute
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        Its to apply alternative text to an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        We would want to use a section when grouping related elements unlike div wich we would prefer to use when grouping anything. The reason is because section groups to tags that are meaningfull to each other, unlike div that is simply a box. Altough this is only a good HTML practice its functionatilly the same, to my understanding. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to apply style to a html file.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        we simply use h2{} inside the style file.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An ID is a reference that can only be used once inside an HTML file, unlike a class that can be used as many times as we need/want. When calling them we use # for ID and . for class. 
        I would use IDs for sections that are unique like an about section inside a portfolio page. I would use class to change all the img that are on the left of the page for example.
        Note that when I mean "can only be used once" I refer to a specific ID not all ids. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        we use the dot (.) + class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        I do not know. - I will google it.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Its a keyword that we add to specify the state of an specific element(class/id/tag). For example :hover or :focused;
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        We use line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        We use letter-spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        We apply the attribute text-transform: "VALUE". Value would be replaced for CAPITALS, lowercase, Capitalize respectively.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        We would use the border attribute, in this case :> border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Utilizing the universal selector *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Using this -> /****/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        We type in pwd.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls -la (la is optional l will display them as a list, and a will display the hidden ones)
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        With the rm command. We have to be careful because once we do this is gone forever. It yeets for eternity!
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Its a good practice specially when working on large projects as things tend to go wrong.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        In my opinion whenever you make a SIGNIFICANT change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push. 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        We fork the file (and add out TLs as collaborators)
        We clone it on our own device
        We create a branch with our first-lastname
        After modifying the file(s) we add it 
        Then we commit the file and add a descriptive text
        Finally we push it



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        An inline element does not make the line to end unlike block elements that does.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        I do not know
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Using auto.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default  
        Section, Div and Nav are display block. Span and 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        Essentially every element in HTML is a box.



   -->